1. there i want to add to two buttons on the top right corner named sign up and log in 
2. on clicking sign up it should ask 2 options called attendee or organizer 
Attendee side : 
3. if attendee is clicked it should be redirected to the attendee sign up form which asks user name , email , set a password, confirm the password , and a sign up button and under sign up button the should be small font text which says " have account ? login and on clicking that login word it should be redirected to the login page 
4. after clicking signup the data should go to our authentication backend and gets saved in database then in frontend the page gets redirected to the home page and it contains all type of events every event created and stored in database and on right side there will be menu bar which contains the options home ,recommendations , AI discovery , profile and on the the top there will be a search bar in the top middle and towards top left there will our project name EventSphere and slightly lower to the top left there will be the filter option where it should options like location list of locations ,theme list of themes , which on selecting one option the home page should get loaded with the selected filter events which will be fetched from database 
5. now on clicking recommendation it should be empty if the user still didn't registered to any event and show the recommendation throught our ai recommendation feature here if the user gets registers to any event
6. on clicking AI discovery it should ask the input needed for our ai discovery feature to work and a search button on clicking the input data comes to backend and the ai discovery feature works and returns all the events data which the output of that feature and will be shown here but before the output is shown here the the input fields should get vanished 
7. profile page : on clicking the profile page option in menu bar the profile should open and the profile page should look like the profile page of linkedin where there should be a pen icon which on clicking the user can edit his/her data and press the save button to save the data to database 
8. now up on clicking any event from any where it can be any one from home or recommendations or the ai discovery it should open the respective event page with event name , banner image , even description , and all the data that organizer gives while creating the event and at the bottom left not the corner of the canvas just below all the details which are displayed there should be a register button to register to that specific event 
9. event registration : upon clicking the register bottom in the event page the event registration form page opens in event registration form page is should take the inputs like name ,email phone number , number of tickets and if its a paid event at last there should a button called buy ticket with the price and the price should increase with increase in number of tickets or if its a free event the button should be named as register
10. now on clicking the buy option with the price on it should redirect to the payment page where all the details of the event except the description along with the price of the tickets calculated like the original ticket price x the number of tickets and in the next like the total amount and all this should be in a box and there should be a button named pay should be there just below the box 
11. and i am stuck here for the payments method if have the idea help me 
12 . now if the event is free and the user clickes the register button in the registration form page then our that ticket generation feature in the backend should be triggered then the page gets redirected to home page and the full ticket along with the qr code for the event is shown as a pop up on home page and along with the download button on the bottom left of the pop up and upon clicking it the ticket should get downloaded as an image file the image should exactly match with the ticket shown in the pop up and this process is same for the paid event also but should work after completion of the payment method which i got stuck in middle so give idea for completing the payment method and after the payment method completed this ticket pop up flow should happen 
13. and there should also be a history option in menu bar where on clicking should show all the details of the events that were booked and attended 
now the organizer side :
14 . if the organizer option is clicked upon clicking sign up button on landing page the sign up form for organizer should open in that the input fields should be organizer name , organization name , email , set password , confirm password , and the sign up button and below the sign up button it should ask in small font have account ? login and upon clicking that login word it should redirect to the login page 
15. upon entering the data and clicking the sign up button the page redirects to the organizer dashboard 
16. organizer dashboard : the organizer dashboard should contain 3 square boxes which shows number of registrations , attendance where the number increases upon scanning the qr code of the attendee ticket , revenue generated the number increases for only paid events where when the attendee pays the amount for the ticket there should be a menu bar on the left and the whole lay out of the organizer dashboard should be exactly same like the attendee home page just the change will be instead of the list of events it will be those 3 square boxs and there will be no filter option and the menu bar will change which contains options organizer dashboard ,qr scanner, create event , history and at last profile 
17. upon clicking the create option from the menu bar the page should be redirected to the create event form which contain the input fields like 
-> event name
-> description 
-> uploade banner image 
-> date/time of organizing 
-> venue
-> category
-> free/paid toggle 
-> ticket price if paid toggled 
-> FAQ
buttons:
  1. generate AI description next to the description input field and if clicked the ai generated    description should be reflected into the description input field 
  2. create event at the last of the form 
18. qr Scanner : upon clicking this option the website should access the camera to scan and create a logic to scan genereted qr ticket of attendee and after scanning the qr the attendee details should be shown like a pop up and the attendance will be updated in database and it will be reflected on the organizer dashboards attendance box  
19 . profile same as the attendee profile page but it should show the data of the organizer and the profile page layout should be like linkedin profile page 
20 . history : upon clicking this option in the menu bar it should show all the eventes created and clicking a specific event in history section should show the details of that event 
21. now upon clicking the create event button in create event form page it should show every details of that event and it should look like the same page in the attendee side when the attendee clickes on the event but here there will be no register button at the bottom left and it can be accessed any time by checking the history page 
22. also add the log out option in the profile page on both organizer side and attendee side which on clicking logs out of the accout 
23. now upon clicking the log in button in the landing page the login page should open and should have the input fields email , and password and login button below this input fields and below the button there should be a small font text "don't have account ? sign up " and upon clicking that sign up button the page should redirect to that organizer or attendee page which comes when the sign up button is clicked in landing page and in log in page upon clicking login button based on the email and password given in the input field it need to be checked with the database and the account should either attendee home page or the organizer dashboard according to how the account is signed up with that respective email and password and if none of the email and password match with the database it should say invalid login credentials in red letters on top on the email input field 
i think u understood the full flow of the website